<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mlt.css"/>
  <title>Section I: Machine Learning with Images</title>
</head>
<body class="segment-section">


<h1 class="segment-section">Section I: Machine Learning with Images</h1>

<p>This section introduces you to the world of machine learning. You’ll get a high level view of what it is, and how it can be used on mobile. You’ll also get a quick primer on using Python for machine learning. You’ll learn how to set up an environment to use tools such as CreateML, Turi Create, and Keras for machine learning. Finally, you’ll learn how to use machine learning techniques to solve problems using images. The topics you’ll explore include image classification, object detection with bounding boxes, and object segmentation.
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><em>Chapter 1, Machine Learning, iOS </em><em>&amp;</em><em> You</em>: In this introduction chapter, you’ll learn what machine learning is all about. You’ll touch on everything from, the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning, to what transfer learning is. You’ll even go over the ethics of machine learning, and how bias can affect models.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 2, Getting Started with Image Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll build your first iOS app by adding a CoreML model to detect whether a snack is healthy or unhealthy. You’ll focus on how machine learning can be used to solve classification problems such as trying to identify what an object might be.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 3, Training the Image Classifier</em>: In this chapter, you’ll start to build your first machine learning model using Create ML. You’ll be introduced to the dataset used to create the model, along with how Create ML uses transfer learning to get amazing classification results. Moreover, you’ll learn what it means to evaluate the performance of your model.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 4, Getting Started with Python </em><em>&amp;</em><em> Turi Create</em>: In this chapter, you’ll get a quick primer on Python. You’ll learn how to setup your Python environment using Conda, and how to install external libraries. You’ll learn how to run and use Jupyter notebooks to iterate quickly with Python.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 5, Digging Deeper Into Turi Create</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn to use Turi Create to build a classification model. You’ll use the snacks dataset to create your model. You’ll learn how to analyze your model’s performance, and how to go under the hood with Turi Create in order to improve your model.
</p></li>
</ul>

<ul>
<li>
<p><em>Chapter 6, Taking Control of Training with Keras</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn to how to take control of your model’s training with Keras. You’ll design your first neural network, and how to pass your dataset into Keras for training.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 7, Going Convolutional</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn why a simple neural network might not be enough when it comes to solving problems with images using machine learning. You’ll learn about how using a convolutional neural network provides a better approach to solving classification problems.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 8, Advanced Convolutional Neural Networks</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn about advanced model architectures used for solving image classification. You’ll learn how you can use Keras to do transfer learning, and how applying advanced techniques such as dropout and regularization can improve your model’s performance.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 9, Beyond Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn how to identify an object’s location in an image. You’ll learn how to build a simple localization model that predicts a single bounding box
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 10, YOLO </em><em>&amp;</em><em> Semantic Segmentation</em>: In this final chapter, you’ll learn about some advanced localization models. You’ll learn about one-shot detectors like YOLO and SSD and how they can be used to identify multiple objects in an image. You’ll also learn about how machine learning can be used for segmentation to separate an object from its background.
</p></li>
</ul>
</body></html>
