<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mlt.css"/>
  <title>Section II: Machine Learning with Sequences</title>
</head>
<body class="segment-section">


<h1 class="segment-section">Section II: Machine Learning with Sequences</h1>

<p>In this section, you’ll learn how to apply machine learning to sequential data. You’ll work on a new iOS app which attempts to identify a user’s activity using data from their iPhone’s motion sensors. In the process, you’ll learn how to build a good training dataset, how to create an activity classification model using Turi Create, and how to incorporate your model into an iOS app to support responsive classifications with real-time data.
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><em>Chapter 11, Data Collection for Sequence Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn how working with sequences differs from working with discrete data like individual images. You’ll learn how to collect iPhone sensor data, as well as what it takes to build a good training dataset.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 12, Training a Model for Sequence Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn about neural networks designed to work with sequences. You’ll also learn how to use Turi Create to train an activity classification model using data from the previous chapter.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 13, Sequence Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn how to pass real-time sequential data captured from a device’s motion sensors into your Core ML model. You’ll learn some tricks to help keep your apps responsive and accurate while processing sequences of streaming data.
</p></li>
</ul>
</body></html>
