<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mlt.css"/>
  <title>Section III: Natural Language Processing</title>
</head>
<body class="segment-section">


<h1 class="segment-section">Section III: Natural Language Processing</h1>

<p>In this section, you’ll focus on a specific type of sequential data — natural language text. You’ll learn how to use Apple-provided APIs to perform common language processing tasks. You’ll also learn how to use text with neural networks, and you’ll create a model with Keras that translates text from Spanish to English. Finally, you’ll read about advanced techniques that you can experiment with to improve your model.
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><em>Chapter 14, Natural Language Classification</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn how to use Apple’s Natural Language framework to handle several useful text-related tasks. You’ll explore this API in the context of a movie review app that supports multiple languages.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 15, Natural Language Transformation, Part 1</em>: In this chapter, you’ll learn about sequence-to-sequence models and how you can use them to do things like language translation. You’ll build a model with Keras that attempts to translate Spanish-language movie reviews into English.
</p></li>

<li>
<p><em>Chapter 16, Natural Language Transformation, Part 2</em>: This chapter introduces additional techniques you can use to improve the performance of your sequence-to-sequence models.
</p></li>
</ul>
</body></html>
