<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mlt.css"/>
  <title>Book License</title>
</head>
<body class="segment-chapter">


<h1 class="segment-chapter">Book License</h1>

<p>By purchasing <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i>, you have the following license:
</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>You are allowed to use and/or modify the source code in <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i> in as many apps as you want, with no attribution required.
</p></li>

<li>
<p>You are allowed to use and/or modify all art, images and designs that are included in <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i> in as many apps as you want, but must include this attribution line somewhere inside your app: “Artwork/images/designs: from <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i>, available at www.raywenderlich.com”.
</p></li>

<li>
<p>The source code included in <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i> is for your personal use only. You are NOT allowed to distribute or sell the source code in <i>Machine Learning by Tutorials</i> without prior authorization.
</p></li>

<li>
<p>This book is for your personal use only. You are NOT allowed to sell this book without prior authorization, or distribute it to friends, coworkers or students; they would need to purchase their own copies.
</p></li>
</ul>

<p>All materials provided with this book are provided on an “as is” basis, without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.
</p>
<p>All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing in this guide are the properties of their respective owners.
</p></body></html>
